{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Class Title}: Build Your Own Video Game in C {\b Instructor Name}: Timothy Quast {\b Email}: tiqu248@gmail.com {\b Grade Level}: Both {\b Curriculum/Book}: https://github.com/TimothyQuast/build-your-own-video-game-in-c {\b Length of Class}: semester {\b Course Description}: Build your own video game using the C programming language. We will walk through each step in the process of programming a simple 2d video game where you play as a daring space fighter navigating through a dangerous asteroid field. At the end, each student will have built their own video game that they can show to their friends and family. {\b Class Fee}: N/A {\b Prerequisites}: Completed Algebra 1 {\b Homework Required}: 3-5 hours / week. Students will need to spend considerable time working on their game outside of class in order to be successful. {\b Supplies Required}: A laptop which students will bring to class. Windows 10 or 11 or macOS version >= 10.15. Linux would also be fine. A tablet will not suffice. Requires installation of a 1 or 2 programs on the laptop, specifically a C compiler and optionally a text editor. {\b Expectations/Notes}: Each student will individually build their own video game. This will be the only project and will require considerable work from each student. Students will have some class time to make progess, but will likely need to do additional work at home.\par}
}
